# Infrastructure SIG Meeting 2023-05-09

Post meeting -> [Link to recorded meeting]()

Meeting shall be ~30 min. Items not covered will be left for subsequent meetings. 

## Agenda 

#### Inclusiveness Statement

- This SIG abides by the ICON community [code of conduct](../../../guidelines/communication/code-of-conduct.md) and [contributor covenant](https://www.contributor-covenant.org/)
- All members are welcome and encouraged to share ideas / suggestions / feedback 
- All ideas / suggestions / feedback will be treated with respect 
- Failure to meet above will result in not attending future meetings

#### SIG Charter 

> 3 Min

- See [charter](../charter.md)
- Meeting format 
  - Meetings kept to ~30 min
    - Agenda items will be ranked in importance 
    - Items not addressed will be left for later date 
  - Frequency 
    - 1 per quarter / 1 month depending on agendas
- Tracker frontend as a separate SIG or working group
  - Not responsible for UI / UX
  - Question is where frontend work is managed 
- Feedback?

### Future Discussions

> 5 Min 

Quick discussion for topics for next meeting. 

#### Frontend

- New tracker pages 
  - Analytics (iBriz + Rhizome)
  - Logs / messages with the ABI 
  - Transaction explorer 
- Upgrading the tracker look and feel

#### Backend 

- Infrastructure redesign 
  - Moving to new cloud 

#### Tooling 

- Contract code generator 
  - https://github.com/sudoblockio/tackle-icon-sc-poc
- Contract client generator 
  - WIP 

### Wireframes 

> 20 Min 

[Figma Link](https://www.figma.com/file/c5WYNLg0pHFYGnz3msUP6J/ICON-Design-Proposal---Community-Feedback?node-id=0%3A1&t=6lMXuEoLohUQUO23-1)

- Any feedback welcome 
